fix: made timeAgo function way shorter and viewCount shorter (#54583)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-asynchronous-programming-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/6443c98ac169e501eba36d04.md

---
id: 6443c98ac169e501eba36d04
title: Step 23
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-23
---

# --description--

For your `timeAgo` function, you will want to calculate the difference between the current time and the time of the last activity on a topic. This will allow you to display how much time has passed since a topic had any activity.

Complete the `timeAgo` function that meets the following requirements:

- If the amount of minutes that have passed is less than `60`, return the string `xm ago`. `x` will represent the minutes. 
- If the amount of hours that have passed is less than `24`, return the string `xh ago`. `x` will represent the hours. 
- If the amount of days that have passed is less than `30`, return the string `xd ago`. `x` will represent the days. 

Here are some equations that will help you calculate the time difference:

- `minutes = Math.floor((currentTime - lastPost) / 60000);`
- `hours = Math.floor((currentTime - lastPost) / 3600000);`
- `days = Math.floor((currentTime - lastPost) / 86400000);`

# --hints--

> You should return the string `"30m ago"` when the amount of minutes that have passed is `30`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should return the string `"30m ago"` when the amount of minutes that have passed is `30` minutes.
```

```js
const currentTime = new Date();
const lastPostTime = new Date(currentTime.getTime() - 30 * 60 * 1000); 
const result = timeAgo(lastPostTime.toISOString());

assert.strictEqual(result, '30m ago');
```

> You should return the string `"1 hour ago"` when the `time` parameter is 1 hour ago.

Reviewer 2: the correct return string should be 1h

```suggestion
You should return the string `"1h ago"` when amount of hours that have passed is `1` hour.
```

```js
const currentTime = new Date();
const lastPostTime = new Date(currentTime.getTime() - 60 * 60 * 1000);
const result = timeAgo(lastPostTime.toISOString());

assert.strictEqual(result, '1h ago');
```

> You should return the string `"1 day ago"` when the `time` parameter is 1 day ago.

Reviewer 2: the correct return string should be 1day

```suggestion
You should return the string `"1d ago"` when the amount of days that have passed is `1`.
```

> You should return the string `"1d ago"` when the amount of days that have passed is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should return the string `"1d ago"` when the amount of days that have passed is `1` day.
```
